1. About you

I got a chance to use Angular 2 when I worked at Huawei company. 
My role was front-end web development for SmartTVs and android STBs via Angular 2, TypeScript technologies.
http://www.huawei.com/ilink/en/download/HW_072420

I am a full-stack developer at Eureko Insurance company and mainly use C# and vue.js for web development. 
I worked at web site development project with using vue.js, project live link is https://www.eurekosigorta.com.tr/

2. General

	2.1 I prefer to work at the Single Page Application. 
It is good for making Responsive Websites, Support mobile, Tablet & Desktop. 
Because of it's User-friendly, high-performance. 
It is a good chance for a developer to get new things to improve performance in many ways.

	2.2 My favorite feature of HTML-5 is a video tag. 
At Huawei company, we developed a web-based portal platform to provide video content to the end-users. 
We worked at TV systems and PC to test the streaming quality. 
At PC the easiest way was the HTML5 video tag and primitive web page.

	2.3 It is a matter of choosing between code readability or performance. 
In general, innerHTML is slower than createElement, because, with innerHTML, the browser needs to parse the input string, create objects for elements/text and then add them into the DOM. 
createElement on the other hand only accepts objects. So the browser doesn't need to do any string parsing and object creation.

InnerHTML can be more readable if createElement can not be used as atomic design object assignments can be huge and complicated.

	2.4 Two way data binding means that UI fields are bound to model data dynamically such that when a UI field changes, the model data changes with it and vice-versa. 
Ex framework React

One way data flow means that the model is the single source of truth. 
Ex framework Angular

2.5 With asynchronous programming the engine runs in an event loop. 
Developers do not want to block JavaScript main thread but we want to be notified when our asynchronous operation is done so, that is where we use asynchronous programming concepts. 
This is important in JavaScript, because it is a very natural fit for user interface code, and very beneficial to performance on the server.

3. Styling - attached with zipped project file
4. SPA - attached with zipped project file 